hey guys what's up my name is ok
and I especially welcome you meanwhile
six pictures video for fifa 13 ultimate
team and yes you see right we are
This time on the console and not more
as usual on the web app i have mine
bought an alpha media game capture hd
I'll give you one too
bit back game can show and
why play around you too
impressions of the teams themselves
showcase and similarly easy
blindly trust that they are good
or what you recommend this that
And yes, this time it's a team
Dutch or Dutch
yes in the exhibition 52 21 find the
I now the right tree because
you can really counter so well with it
if you are in defense otherwise always
there are a lot of problems
enough played with three defenders
was always a real qual and yes
Let's start now in the gate
We have Steckelberg or Stecklenberg
however yes that's right right
solid in the gate it compares to
I would applaud the Bundesliga
claim or so on both fields
level is not so much
then we come to the interior defense there
we have heitinga on the left side
in the middle we have
I had douglas and right
we had bula hula hula hoop after yes
All three are very good header
was just my main focus and the
buy reason for these three defenders so
on the far right we have van der wiel with us
85 the fastest defender in mine
company chain around 72 header is also
I would be quite strong in the air
claim
73 defense is okay too 72 fits
the pictures will be good after we stop
forward further
and yes then we come to the last one
defender in our troop that is
Williams is a silver player because
There are no golden deer left
Defenders exist and yes because of that
I still just considered him
selected with his 70 in
header strength and his 80 in tempo
Passing on 72 of the balls stops
also very good forward again
after the man has cleared the ball or
situation has clarified so in the central
Mittelfeld we are driving here on the
on the left side of the header with 82
I really like midfield
then was also the graduation
come from the goalkeeper and yes so here must
I once short 1000 on ktm because I
have not bought this card so how
album with 86 tempo a little whiz
I would say 72 Kopfball too
Pretty header strong final day with 71
I do not want to say that now 87
dribble top dawning so in the right
flank on the right flank we have
sing to sing or 94 pace of
goes right off
yes last day with 63 actually not
but so there are two others and
tempo was in the case was with the fall
stop important with the hold of mine
if you break the front
opportunity exists and you can do it
so on the left side we have
affeley from the fc schalke one right
bomb type of man
84 tempo is now 75 but the
that's just amazing
383 yes, a four-star house would have to be
and yes only to be recommended or storm
we also have klaas jan huntelaar from
fc schalke
he is not the fastest but with
his 82 shot also a real one
top man should not have a danish team
are also missing in the bundesliga team for the
he should not be missing
yes I too good as a headball in the
gameplay will look like he does
believe two gates with your head
and yes, I would say a lot of fun
at the gameplay video
I'll stop that for a moment
bit with comment
So the highlights from it unfortunately
my player picked up early
canceled
but well the game bob climb quite well
and that 's why it' s going to show about the
you can like picture quality
Give feedback if I am so
can continue or if I still have one
wishes a better picture
that would be the cattle time
extend the term and extend
so on and yes you are allowed
Deciding where it is has that too
gameplay have fun with it
and there we are already on the gameplay
arrived
is played here against a barclays
premier league team a pretty cheap
I would say formal
I think the most expensive one here above
right the striker vagner love yes it
now not from the league but
otherwise a very weak team
in my view
and here in the first minute van der
wiel the ball he makes a short
roulette arrives in the penalty room
and unfortunately kept trying then
velvety should have a flank on vagner
love but she does not arrive and that
ball is cleared
yes and a pass from huntelaar
affeley
affeley moves often vastly shoots
hits the post with the subsequent payment
was unfortunately not out of the gate, yes
cleared to a corner corner
execute a left foot
and yes the ball will be right upside down
Huntelaar does the thing
purely that was his first header goal and
Here is a very nice try of
bahrain pass on santi cazorla santala
shoot super parade here one must
already say yes clarified to a corner and
yes the corner is fended off and on
go ahead
yes and here fair has the ball fits
on apple a third around a bit
there is a flank in the penalty room
huntelaar and huntelaar are doing
second header goal
yes, there is again repulsion of the ball goes
prepares forwards on ash leipzig
before making for huntelaar and huntelaar
the thing in full
yes that was the 3 0 of huntelaar thus
a hat trick
and very nice goal
and then the opponent was with one
attack matching run and he breaks that
play off
so I won three to zero that
Game is over here the gameplay is
at the end and yes you liked it
Please'm a thumbs up
if it does not you liked it there
my thumb down and justified
your opinion please in the comments
until next time